Dear So-What-Is-This & Why-Did-You-Make-It?

Late Nights is a microsite!! An interactive web situation. Chat n all. :-) 

I’ve been on the internet for a while. Like, maybe since I was 6? 7? For proof, I have an email address with my actual name. Granted, I have a name from the global south. But still. Props to my parents for scooping it up. 

I used to wait for emails that never came. And then played through PBS cyberchase, Arthur games burned onto CDs from the library, Neopets, Trollz and more. As a pre-teen I would sneak onto the family computer and chat with friends all night. Or, more dangerously (I realize as an adult), talking to older men that I met in chat rooms. 

It wasn’t until facebook that it felt ‘cohesive’ and ‘directed’ and all the things that propelled web 3.0 into a snazzy online world wide shopping mall and social media black hole. I still remember lying about my age so I could keep up with my friends and the latest trends in my early-teen middle school era. What was I upto? Drama. 

Anyway. I currently have 32 unread emails, according to one of my tabs. Most of those are for ubers (we had a bus strike last week). I keep my ‘professional’ email and youtube pinned. Several web pages organized under ‘groups’. And I am that friend, the one who sends you links in the middle of the night, or whenever you mention a project or vibe you’re interested in. I'm p good at finding references.

Over the past few years, I’ve gotten into websites. Making them, reading about them, etc. I didn’t have the same MySpace experience a lot of early web designers talk about. Too young. I just happened to get a arts marketing job to update a website, and being confused af about wordpress, took a free coding class. I goddamn love HTML. Then, y’know, I also had to pivot so much art into ‘online’ formats during the 2020-22 era, and now I’m a boss with it. Mostly.

Eventually my dayjob turned into supporting the public with accessing and playing with technology. My intense research came in handy, and I was like, bro - here’s how to make websites. Here’s why we need to make local servers, so we have more autonomy over data. Here’s how circuits work, and you can make sick beats with makey makeys and the power of conductivity.

I wanted to use the opportunity with Microsites to take the best of my early internet history, as well as the most fun parts of the general ‘early internet’ era. I wanted to talk about links as a love language. I wanted it to be fun and playful. Personal theory is that the more fun someone has, the more they’ll feel inclined to explore that particular thread of curiosity. 

Bro. I wanted it to feel like staying up late and sneaking onto the computer, and surfing the net. !!!!

Atm, imo. Social Media is a strange little cesspool of self-promotion vs connection vs documenting, and I’m tired of pretending to sell things. Or I guess, pretending I'm not selling things. Most of the internet is so uninteresting, I’ll sometimes use the etsy app to search up wild terms. The way capitalism has shaped our virtual commons is really un-fun. Its all about selling things we can barely afford lol. 

I want us to love again. Like, love being online, love ourselves, love connection (that does not feel like exploitation), and like, lowkey, think critically about the infrastructures that allow us to be online. 

The cloud? All your emails and data live in servers. The servers emit greenhouse gasses and contribute to pollution. The internet? Only a thing because of giant cables in the sea connecting continents. AI? Trained by people who are trying to survive in messed up economies. Access? Internet and communication shutdowns are super common in most parts of the world and not enough of us know how to navigate that blackout. 

I want us to be in love ok? Like that kind of love where we care for each other. The kind of love that, yes, gets each other iced vanilla lattes* when we can, but also, like. Checks in with each other and feels safe with each other and is in staunch solidarity with each other: your hurt is my hurt, what happens to you happens to me. 

Babe, the world’s fucked uppp. But I still want to get to know you and love you. 

That's the vibe, ok?

Hope this was ok,
Hope this was cool n interesting.
This is what I have so far, ok? Ok.

Thanks for reading!!!

Through love & chaos,
tee

P.s. yes, fine. The site’s still a WIP. That’s life. We’ll keep on it. The vision!! Is there!! 

P.P.S. also. I was thinking, like. The reason the early internet worked, and why I made the site the way I did is because the internet actually doesn't have to be an all-consuming thing. Play with it, explore it, have fun. But also, go outside. Touch grass. Dance!!

The attention economy doesn't have to exist. You can just have a healthy relationship with being online, and being IRL and being you: a person being a person. Ya!

**This is what my friend wanted the other day. I was super sick and needed to go outside to feel ok. Thank gods for friends with dogs, because you knoww they’ll be taking a walk and will probably take you lol. Thanks Th & M. 

(I'm so glad I have friends again lol. Perks of having a job, even though I'm probably quitting soon. 

Y'all. Capitalism has even snuck into public libraries, I don't know how to keep going. I just want to be helpful and not harm myself in the process of 'work'. 

Gonna have to step away from the library school dream for a min. Gotta restructure the hopes n dreams asset folder.)
